fix(accordion): usage update (#1114)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/accordion/usage.mdx

<DoDontRow>
<DoDont
colMd={4} colLg={4}
caption="Do: use the default icon alignment to keep accordion text aligned with other content on the page.">

![Do: use the default icon alignment to keep accordion text aligned with other content on the page.](./images/accordion-alignment-do.png)

</DoDont>
<DoDont
colMd={4} colLg={4}
type="dont"
caption="Don’t: place icons on the left and create misalignment with the other text on the page.">

![Don’t: place icons on the left and create misalignment with the other text on the page.](./images/accordion-alignment-dont.png)

</DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

#### Modifier

In rare scenarios, the accordion can be modified to place the icon in front of the title for only tree-like purposes. However, most instances should use the default alignment and for any pure content or documentation purposes it is required to use the default alignment. Icon placement should be consistent throughout your experience.

### Placement

Accordions can be placed with main page content or placed inside of a container such as a side panel or tile.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion placement](images/accordion-placement-2.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> #### Grid placement

Reviewer: I think we still need to validate the grid placement stuff after our conversation last week. Is there a specific issue/list I can use to track which components we'd like to have work with the grid? 👀

Author: I thought we agreed to leave the content in because it demonstrates the correct and indented grid placement and we'd work out how to correctly document a hack on the code tab.  

Here is the issue for grid hanging components: https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues/5892

Reviewer: @aagonzales it seemed like the process we wanted to hit was one where design and development were coordinating around proposed functionality. It seems like we're at the phase of design proposing this functionality and I thought the idea was that dev would take that issue and figure out how feasible it would be before we would offer it as guidance. The question would be if we offer the guidance before we validate it then how do we handle what happens if we end up not being able to do it.

Thanks so much for the issue, will try and see if we can get this into our April work or at the very least make sure it's in May 🙏

Author: Yes, but I thought we agreed to document the design intent now as it can be achieved through other means outside of our grid package. 

That or we need change the component code, to have the rules and type alignment because we never want the accordion content to be indented from the other page content.

Reviewer: @aagonzales I think we'd want to be careful around folks tackling this independently as it would require overriding styles on our components. This can cause unintended breakage down the line either due to unrelated updates for that component or updates to guidance. It'd be similar to hard coding a token instead of using a token.

Author: What is we talked about it from a type alignment perspective instead of grid placement. It is a fundamental design principle of the new language to have the strong vertical type alignment going down the page. What if we talked to that point instead of talking about grid gutters and hanging? I honestly don't care how it happens as long type inside the accordion and type on the page matches up.

Author: We just need to advise designers that this is how content should alignment when using accordion. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11670886/79806917-2c68f900-832f-11ea-9c55-164e608c201d.png)

Author: ^anything other than this alignment is unacceptable.

Reviewer 2: That seems clear from a guidance perspective.

Unless guidance is impossible to implement, then we need to provide guidance on implementation - even (arguably, especially) - when it's unclear or hacky. The reality is, people already have to implement this guidance. We should offer a recommended or (if uncomfortable making a recommendation), a possible, implementation option.

The broader conversation of how to subsequently improve that experience (for this component, and for others) should fall outside the scope of this PR, I think.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion grid placement](images/accordion-placement-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Behavior

### States

The accordion component has two main states: **collapsed** and **expanded**. The chevron icon at the end of the accordion indicates which state the accordion is in. The chevron points down to indicate collapsed and up to indicate expanded.

Accordions begin by default in the collapsed state with all content panels closed. Starting in a collapsed state gives the user a high level overview of the available information.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion states](images/accordion-state-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

A user can then independently expand each section of the accordion allowing for multiple sections to be open at once.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![multiple sections expanded](images/accordion-state-2.png)

</Column>
</Row>

In addition to the collapsed and expanded states, checkboxes also have interactive states for focus, hover, disabled, and skeleton. See the [style tab](/components/accordion/style) for more details.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion interactives states](images/accordion-state-3.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> ### Click target

Reviewer: Would we want to talk through keyboard interaction here too? (same thing just with space/enter but with focus outline instead of click target area)

Author: @joshblack Is there an easy way to find out what the existing keyboard commands are for a component?

Author: Ok I added some content in, let know me if it looks correct.

Users can trigger a state change by clicking on the chevron or clicking anywhere in the entire header area.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion click targets](images/accordion-click-target.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Content

### Main elements

> #### Title

Reviewer: It seems that WAI ARIA recommends that the titles be treated as a specific heading level (1-6), would we want to cover that here or would it be better in a different area? 👀 

Reference: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#wai-aria-roles-states-and-properties

> Each accordion header button is wrapped in an element with role heading that has a value set for aria-level that is appropriate for the information architecture of the page.

Author: Would this just be part of the accessibility tab content?

Author: Seems more about implementation than ux usage. So I think the code tab or accessibility tab might be the better fit.

Author: Now that I'm thinking of it. How does a user set a heading value of type inside of a component?

Author: Ok I added in a blurb about this.

tabs: ["Code", "Usage", "Style", "Accessibility"]
---

<PageDescription>

An accordion is a vertically stacked list of headers that reveal or hide associated sections of content.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Formatting</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Behavior</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Related</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>References</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

The accordion component delivers large amounts of content in a small space through progressive disclosure. The header title give the user a high level overview of the content allowing the user to decide which sections to read.

> Accordions can make information processing and discovering more effective. However, it does hide content from users and its important to account for a user not noticing or reading all of the included content. If a user is likely to read all of the content then don't use an accordion as it adds the burden of an extra click, instead use a full scrolling page with normal headers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Accordions can make information processing and discovering more effective. However, it does hide content from users and it's important to account for a user not noticing or reading all of the included content. If a user is likely to read all of the content then don't use an accordion as it adds the burden of an extra click; instead use a full scrolling page with normal headers.
```

### When to use:

- To organize related information.
- To shorten pages and reduce scrolling when content is not crucial to read in full.
- When space is at a premium and long content cannot be displayed all at once, like on a mobile interface or in a side panel.

## Formatting

### Anatomy

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion anatomy](images/accordion-anatomy.png)

</Column>
</Row>

1. **Header**: contains the section title and is control for revealing the panel.

> 2. **Icon**: indicates if the panel is open or closed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. **Icon**: indicates if the panel is open or closed.
```

3. **Panel**: the section of content associated with an accordion header.

### Alignment

By default the chevron icon is placed on the `end` side of the header. This allows for the title on the `start` side to align with other type elements in the layout.

<DoDontRow>
<DoDont
colMd={4} colLg={4}

> caption="Do: use the default icon alignment to keep accordion text aligned with other content on the page.">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
caption="Do use the default icon alignment to keep accordion text aligned with other content on the page.">
```

![Do: use the default icon alignment to keep accordion text aligned with other content on the page.](./images/accordion-alignment-do.png)

</DoDont>
<DoDont
colMd={4} colLg={4}
type="dont"

> caption="Don’t: place icons on the left and create misalignment with the other text on the page.">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
caption="Don’t place icons on the left and create misalignment with the other text on the page.">
```

![Don’t: place icons on the left and create misalignment with the other text on the page.](./images/accordion-alignment-dont.png)

</DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

#### Modifier

> In rare scenarios, the accordion can be modified to place the icon in front of the title for only tree-like purposes. However, most instances should use the default alignment and for any pure content or documentation purposes it is required to use the default alignment. Icon placement should be consistent throughout your experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In rare scenarios, the accordion can be modified to place the icon in front of the title to function more like a tree. However, most instances should use the default alignment and for any pure content or documentation purposes, the default alignment is required. Icon placement should be consistent throughout your experience.
```

### Placement

Accordions can be placed with main page content or placed inside of a container such as a side panel or tile.

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

![accordion placement](images/accordion-placement-2.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Grid placement

> When placing accordion on the 2x Grid the indented title aligns to the grid columns and the top and bottom borders hang in the gutter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When placing an accordion on the 2x Grid the indented title aligns to the grid columns and the top and bottom borders hang in the gutter.
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion grid placement](images/accordion-placement-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Behavior

### States

The accordion component has two main states: **collapsed** and **expanded**. The chevron icon at the end of the accordion indicates which state the accordion is in. The chevron points down to indicate collapsed and up to indicate expanded.

Accordions begin by default in the collapsed state with all content panels closed. Starting in a collapsed state gives the user a high level overview of the available information.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion states](images/accordion-state-1.png)

</Column>
</Row>

A user can then independently expand each section of the accordion allowing for multiple sections to be open at once.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![multiple sections expanded](images/accordion-state-2.png)

</Column>
</Row>

> In addition to the collapsed and expanded states, checkboxes also have interactive states for focus, hover, disabled, and skeleton. See the [style tab](/components/accordion/style) for more details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition to the collapsed and expanded states, accordions also have interactive states for focus, hover, and disabled. See the [style tab](/components/accordion/style) for more details.
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion interactives states](images/accordion-state-3.png)

</Column>
</Row>

### Interactions

#### Mouse

> Users can trigger a state change by clicking on the chevron or clicking anywhere in the entire header area.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users can trigger a state change by clicking on the chevron or clicking anywhere in the header area.
```

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![accordion click targets](images/accordion-click-target.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Keyboard

> Users can trigger a state change by pressing the `Enter` or `Spacebar` key while the header area has focus. For additional keyboard interactions, see the [accessiblity tab](/components/accordion/accessibility#how-it-works).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users can trigger a state change by pressing the `Enter` or `Spacebar` key while the header area has focus. For additional keyboard interactions, see the [accessibility tab](/components/accordion/accessibility#how-it-works).
```

Users can navigate between accordion headers by pressing `Tab` or `Shift-Tab`.

#### Screen readers

VoiceOver: Users can trigger a state change by pressing `Control-Option-Space` or the `Spacebar` while the header area has screen reader focus.

JAWS: Users can trigger a state change by pressing `Enter` or `Spacebar` key while the header area has screen reader focus.

NVDA: Users can trigger a state change by pressing `Enter` or `Spacebar` key while the header area has screen reader focus.

For additional information, see [screen reader tests](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/accordion/accessibility#macos-screen-reader-tests).

## Content

### Main elements

#### Title

- The title should be as brief as possible while still being clear and descriptive.
- Each title should be wrapped in a [role heading](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#wai-aria-roles-states-and-properties) (h1-h6) that is appropriate for the information architecture of the page.

#### Body copy

- Content inside of a section may be split into paragraphs and include sub-headers if needed.

### Scrolling content

> When the accordion content is longer than the view port the whole accordion should vertically scroll. Content should not scroll inside of the an individual panel. Content should never scroll horizontally in an accordion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the accordion content is longer than the viewport the whole accordion should vertically scroll. Content should not scroll inside of an individual panel. Content should never scroll horizontally in an accordion.
```
